# EcoSync Database
> Generated by [`prisma-markdown`](https://github.com/samchon/prisma-markdown)

- [Accounts](#accounts)
- [default](#default)

## Accounts
```mermaid
erDiagram
"user" {
  String id PK
  DateTime created_at
  DateTime updated_at
  String first_name "nullable"
  String last_name "nullable"
  String email
  String phone
  DateTime last_login_at "nullable"
  String password "nullable"
  String role_id FK "nullable"
  user_state state
}
"role" {
  String id PK
  DateTime created_at
  DateTime updated_at
  String slug
  String title
}
"permission" {
  String id PK
  DateTime created_at
  DateTime updated_at
  String slug
  String title
}
"role_permission" {
  String id PK
  DateTime created_at
  DateTime updated_at
  String role_id FK
  String permission_id FK
}
"user" }o--o| "role" : role
"role_permission" }o--|| "role" : role
"role_permission" }o--|| "permission" : permission
```

### `user`
Represents user in the system.
This model stores information about user.

**Properties**
  - `id`: Unique identifier for the user.
  - `created_at`: Timestamp indicating when the user was created.
  - `updated_at`: Timestamp indicating when the user was last updated.
  - `first_name`: First name of the user (optional).
  - `last_name`: Last name of the user (optional).
  - `email`: Email address of the user.
  - `phone`: Phone number of the user.
  - `last_login_at`: Timestamp indicating when the user last logged in (optional).
  - `password`: Password associated with the user (optional).
  - `role_id`: Role of the user (default sts).
  - `state`: State of the user (default active).

### `role`
List of role that a user can have.

**Properties**
  - `id`: Unique identifier for the role.
  - `created_at`: Timestamp indicating when the role was created.
  - `updated_at`: Timestamp indicating when the role was last updated.
  - `slug`: Name/slug of the role.
  - `title`: Title of the role.

### `permission`
Represents the permission that a role can have.

**Properties**
  - `id`: Unique identifier for the permission.
  - `created_at`: Timestamp indicating when the permission was created.
  - `updated_at`: Timestamp indicating when the permission was last updated.
  - `slug`: Name/slug of the permission.
  - `title`: Title of the permission.

### `role_permission`
Represents the relationship between role and permission.

**Properties**
  - `id`: Unique identifier for the role permission.
  - `created_at`: Timestamp indicating when the role permission was created.
  - `updated_at`: Timestamp indicating when the role permission was last updated.
  - `role_id`: Role ID associated with the role permission.
  - `permission_id`: Permission ID associated with the role permission.


## default
```mermaid
erDiagram
"vehicle" {
  String id PK
  DateTime created_at
  DateTime updated_at
  String created_by_user_id FK
  String sts_id FK
  String number
  vehicle_type type
  vehicle_capacity capacity
  Float loaded_cost "nullable"
  Float unloaded_cost "nullable"
}
"sts" {
  String id PK
  String name
  DateTime created_at
  DateTime updated_at
  String created_by_user_id FK
  String ward_number
  Float capacity_tonnes
  Float latitude
  Float longitude
  String manager_id
}
"landfill" {
  String id PK
  String name
  DateTime created_at
  DateTime updated_at
  String created_by_user_id FK
  Float capacity_tonnes
  Float latitude
  Float longitude
  String opens_at
  String closes_at
}
"transportation" {
  String id PK
  DateTime created_at
  DateTime updated_at
  String created_by_user_id FK
  String sts_id FK "nullable"
  String landfill_id FK "nullable"
  String vehicle_id FK
  transportation_location_type location_type
  Float volume
  DateTime arrival_time
  DateTime departure_time
}
"vehicle" }o--|| "sts" : sts
"transportation" }o--o| "sts" : sts
"transportation" }o--o| "landfill" : landfill
"transportation" }o--|| "vehicle" : vehicle
```

### `vehicle`

**Properties**
  - `id`: Unique identifier for the vehicle.
  - `created_at`: Timestamp indicating when the vehicle was created.
  - `updated_at`: Timestamp indicating when the vehicle was last updated.
  - `created_by_user_id`: 
  - `sts_id`: 
  - `number`: Vehicle number.
  - `type`: Type of the vehicle.
  - `capacity`: Capacity of the vehicle.
  - `loaded_cost`: Fuel cost per Kilometer when full load.
  - `unloaded_cost`: Fuel cost per Kilometer when empty load.

### `sts`

**Properties**
  - `id`: Unique identifier for the STS.
  - `name`: 
  - `created_at`: Timestamp indicating when the STS was created.
  - `updated_at`: Timestamp indicating when the STS was last updated.
  - `created_by_user_id`: 
  - `ward_number`: Ward number of the STS.
  - `capacity_tonnes`: Capacity of the STS.
  - `latitude`: GPS coordinates of the STS.
  - `longitude`: 
  - `manager_id`: STS manager ID associated with the STS.

### `landfill`

**Properties**
  - `id`: Unique identifier for the STS.
  - `name`: Name of the landfill
  - `created_at`: Timestamp indicating when the STS was created.
  - `updated_at`: 
  - `created_by_user_id`: 
  - `capacity_tonnes`: Capacity of the STS.
  - `latitude`: GPS coordinates of the STS.
  - `longitude`: 
  - `opens_at`: Operational time
  - `closes_at`: 

### `transportation`

**Properties**
  - `id`: Unique identifier for the STS entry.
  - `created_at`: Timestamp indicating when the STS entry was created.
  - `updated_at`: Timestamp indicating when the STS entry was last updated.
  - `created_by_user_id`: User ID associated with the landfill entry.
  - `sts_id`: STS ID associated with the STS entry.
  - `landfill_id`: Landfill ID where the wast is dumped
  - `vehicle_id`: Vehicle ID associated with the STS entry.
  - `location_type`: Type of the location.
  - `volume`: Volume of waste.
  - `arrival_time`: Time of arrival.
  - `departure_time`: Time of departure.